# 900 Câu cuộc sống 1->20

## Lesson 1 SCHOOLS AND EDUCATION ·

1.    What college should I attend in the fall?

2.    I’m majoring in history.

3.    Can you tell me where is the dormitory?

4.    I’m taking extra classes this semester.

5.    Are you having problems with chemistry?

6.    I’m not worried about this test.

7.    The prices on textbooks have gone up.

8.   Our class has a meeting after lunch.

9.    The new professor is very strict.

10.   Do you want to study together for the exam?

11.   So now that we’re graduated from high school, what are you going to do?

12.   My father says that choosing the right college is the most important decision a young person can make.

13.   How long have you attended this school?

14.   I didn’t receive a room assignment for the dormitory, so I need to find out what room I will be living in.

15.   Have you decided on the classes you want to take this semester?

## Lesson 2 JOBS AND CAREERS

16. I need to start looking for a job.

17. What do you think of your new boss?

18. My boss works too hard.

19. Does your job pay well?

20. We need to improve training in this company.

21. The interview was very tough this afternoon.

22. I spent all day on the phone talking to customers.

23. I’m so busy that I had lunch at my desk.

24. I like my job because I get to travel a lot.

25. My brother flies for an airline.

26. What kind of job do you want to get?

27. I had a very good interview for a job with an advertisement company.

28. I would have to get a Master’s degree in order to find a job in that field.

29. Will the boss mind if I have some personal items on my desk?

30. Also, what is the company policy on taking leave for a vacation?

## Lesson 3 HOBBIES AND PASTIMES

31.   I like to read books in my spare time.

32.   Collecting stamps is a relaxing pastime .

33.   My uncle likes to go fishing.

34.   He has soccer practice every afternoon.

35.   I enjoy hiking in the mountains.

36.   Have you ever gone skiing ?

37.   What do you like to do for fun?

38.   Everyone needs to relax after work.

39.   Let’s go play basketball at the gym.

40.   I like to collect antiques .

41.   My favorite hobby is bungee  jumping.

42.   What do you like to do in your free time?

43.   I really like adventure stories. I especially like the ones where people travel to far off places and they meet very different cultures.

44.   I was wondering if you could tell me where you find baseball cards to collect.

45.   I hope my son enjoys this hobby as much as you seem to.

## Lesson 4 SHOPPING

46.   She went out to buy a new dress.

47.   He had to go return a gift to the store.

48.   I need to buy a new umbrella.

49.   They have sold out of the brand that I like.

50.   Do you have any shoes in my size?

51.   There are the best electronics store in the city.

52.   I hate shopping on Saturday mornings.

53.   Where can I find dog food in this store?

54.   How much does this cost?

55.   Are these items on sale?

56.   Do you think this dress is too expensive?

57.   It’s pretty formal and I don’t have many opportunities to dress up.

58.   Do you think this sweater will look good on me?

59.   What length of skirt are you looking to buy?

60.   I’ll try to see if they are any in my price range.

## Lesson 5 JOB HUNTING

61.   I’ve got a job interview today.

62.   Are you hiring right now?

63.   Are you taking applications?

64.   I’ve applied to six companies so far.

65.   He’s looking for a job with better pay.

66.   Do you have any experience in this field?

67.   Where did you last work?

68.   What was your last job?

69.   Do you work well with other people?

70.   I really need this job.

71.   I graduated at the top of my class from Harvard Law School. I concentrated in business law.

72.   Your business has a very good reputation for rewarding its employees that work hard and well.

73.   I am very responsible and will work long hours to make sure that my work is done on time and correctly.

74.   I believe that you are just the kind of person we would like to hire.

75.   Direct eye contact reassures the person that you are confident and honest

## Lesson 6 HOUSE HUNTING

76.   It will be easier to get a house after we are married.

77.   How much is this house worth?

78.   This house just needs a few repairs.

79.   I love the neighborhood around here.

80.   We need a house with a two-car garage.

81.   We should fix the front door before we sell the house.

82.   I’ll call the real estate office right now.

83.   Should we rent or buy a house?

84.   I like how that roof looks.

85.   Does this house have a basement?

86.   I found a couple of possibilities in the homes for sale category of the
newspaper.

87.   Our lease of our apartment is almost up.

88.   I’m sure that we will find one before our lease ends.

89.   How much longer will it take to get through all the red tape?

90.   The seller has already moved out so you can move in as soon as the
paperwork is signed at the end of the week.

## Lesson 7 NET SURFING·

91.   I need to download some lessons for class.

92.   My connection is too slow.

93.   I’ll get off in a couple of minutes.

94.   This internet bar is too expensive.

95.   I need to go to a news website .

96.   One of my friends has its own website.

97.   What is your e-mail address?

98.   Do you have e-mail?

99.   My server is having problems this morning.

100.  It is difficult to get some foreign websites in China.

101.  You can find a lot of information on the internet that is free.

102.  What are you doing on the internet that takes so long?

103.  Sometimes I just like surfing the net.

104.  There are many things on the internet that are inappropriate for a boy your age.

105.  Well, the internet is becoming available all over the world.  People are using it for business, education and just for fun.

## Lesson 8 SPORTS

106.  Everyone is watching the World Cup right now.

107.  Soccer is the American word for football.

108.  I’m tired after this afternoon’s game.

109.  The referee should have called a foul.

110.  Pass me the ball.

111.  I have to run faster.

112.  Do you think we can still win?

113.  This team has practiced hard all season.

114.  I hurt my ankle in the last game.

115.  Aren’t you worried that coach is going to cut you from the team?

116.  You are the star wide receiver and I don’t know if we could win if we lost you.

117.  What do you think our chances are of going to the championships?

118.  I prefer sports where people have to work as a team, instead of fighting.

119.  Boxers train very hard for many years in order to be in the Olympics .

120.  In a team sport, one person cannot take all the credit.

## Lesson 9 HOLIDAY AND VACATIONS

121.  Let’s go to the beach for the long weekend.

122.  My school has 3 weeks for winter vacation.

123.  I went to Thailand for vacation.

124.  My favorite holiday is Christmas.

125.  The holiday season runs from Thanksgiving to New Year’s Day in America.

126.  My whole family goes on vacation together.

127.  We are meeting at my grandparents’ house on Christmas.

128.  I really could use a vacation this year.

129.  Air flights cost more during the holidays.

130.  We can’t afford a vacation right now.

131.  We had a barbecue for the holiday.

132.  We have a family tradition of gathering at my grandparents’ home for
dinner.

133.  I guess I’d better get out the Christmas ornaments.

134.  That’s one of my favorite parts of Christmas, the children’s surprised
faces when they open their presents under the tree on Christmas morning.

135.  Aren’t you excited about the coming summer vacation?

## Lesson 10 TRAVELING

136.  Why can’t I get return tickets for the train?

137.  I’ve already booked our flight for next month.

138.  My wallet was stolen in Mexico.

139.  I need to get a new passport.

140.  Do you speak English?

141.  He packed too much for this trip.

142.  Do you know the way to the airport?

143.  I have some great pictures from my trip to Egypt.

144.  I don’t think they have any more tickets for this bus.

145.  It’s not safe to go to that country right now.

146.  Are you a tourist here in France?

147.  France is known all over the world for its food.  Have you tried any?

148.  How long will you be visiting France?

149.  You cannot visit France without seeing its most famous city.

150.  I hope you enjoy your stay.

## Lesson 11 MOVIES

151.  That film is number one in the country right now.

152.  I think that this film is that actor’s best film.

153.  I was too scared to watch some scenes.

154.  I think the special effects were incredible.

155.  The movie was a little different from the book it was based on.

156.  I think young children shouldn’t see this movie.

157.  My uncle likes old movies better.

158.  My teacher is very smart, but he likes simple action movies.

159.  The director is very young, but already famous.

160.  Foreign films are too strange for my taste.

161.  What kind of movies do you like to watch?

162.  Do you like science-fiction movies?

163.  Why don’t we check the newspaper listings for movie show times?

164.  Why would you want to see a movie that you know nothing about?

165.  I’ve seen all his movies and collect pictures and magazine articles about him.

## Lesson 12 RADIO AND TELEVISION

166.  Could you change the channel?

167.  If we don’t hurry, I’ll miss my favorite channel.

168.  His aunt used to be a star on TV.

169.  The radio in my car doesn’t work very well.

170.  I just ordered cable service  for my TV.

171.  What’s on TV tonight?

172.  Don’t talk during the show please.

173.  They play this song all the time on the radio now.

174.  There’s nothing good on TV tonight.

175.  Stop watching TV and go do something outside.

176.  Could you turn down the car radio?

177.  Some are quite informative on many different subjects and others are just funny.

178.  I don’t even like it when radio stations break for commercials.

179.  Sitting in front of the television all day is really unhealthy.

180.  You’re getting no exercise and watching the screen for so long is ruining your eyesight.

## Lesson13 Newspaper and Magazines

181.  This newspaper is very liberal in its opinions.

182.  I read the paper online every morning.

183.  He just got a subscription to that magazine.

184.  The pictures are good, but the magazine articles aren’t very interesting.

185.  The newspaper has a lot of unpleasant stories.

186.  My father is a journalist for the New York Times.

187.  I only read the headlines, not the entire paper.

188.  This magazine focuses on politics.

189.  International news is hard to understand sometimes.

190.  This week’s issue has a good interview with the governor.

191.  I can’t afford to have the paper every day, so I only have the Sunday paper delivered.

192.  Because the Sunday paper has a summary of the week’s news stories as well as extra sections about style, health, books, and culture.

193.  I can’t live without my morning paper. I read it while having breakfast and drinking my coffee.

194.  It’s a fashion magazine. It has lots of articles about clothes and make-up.

195.  I suppose that’s why they print so many different kinds of magazines, because people have such different preferences.

## Lesson 14 Music and Concerts

196.  I got tickets for next week’s concert.

197.  I’ve heard this piece performed many times.

198.  The violinist is quite skilled.

199.  I prefer classical music to rock.

200.  He plays the guitar in a local band.

201.  I wish I could play a musical instrument.

202.  Tickets are sold out for the recital.

203.  My son is at piano lessons.

204.  Music is a universal language.

205.  I only sing when I’m taking a shower.

206.  I’m having a party and I need some dance music.

207.  My favorite singer has just released a new album.

208.  She hasn’t released anything new in almost three years.

209.  Have you gotten tickets to the concert you were telling me about?

210.  I’m looking for an album, but I’m afraid I cannot recall the name.

## Lesson 15 DATING

211.  Are those two still seeing each other?

212.  Would you like to get dinner sometime?

213.  I’m sorry but I’m seeing someone.

214.  Have you met my girlfriend?

215.  Their relationship is having some problems right now.

216.  I don’t want to commit to one person right now.

217.  I think we should see other people.

218.  Are you breaking up with me?

219.  We should just be friends.

220.  I’m not interested in dating right now.

221.  Can I go out on a date?

222.  I’m really glad you asked me out.

223.  I’m a little nervous since this is our first date.

224.  Why don’t you let me pay since you bought the dance tickets?

225.  I was wondering if you had a date to the party next week.

## Lesson 16 Marriage

226.  We’re been married for fourteen years.

227.  Are you still married?

228.  They got married last year.

229.  We were married in a church.

230.  We had a small wedding.

231.  Next week is our twentieth anniversary.

232.  We invited all our friends to the wedding.

233.  It’s nice to be married.

234.  My wife is from Chicago.

235.  We don’t want to have kids anytime soon.

236.  I cannot imagine spending the rest of my life with any one else.

237.  Not many people can say that they’re made it to their golden wedding anniversary.

238.  There’s nothing sadder than a bitter divorce.

239.  It was also good that they could easily agree how to fairly divide up the marital property.

240.  Nevertheless, I still think it’s heartbreaking when a marriage splits up.

## Lesson 17 Sightseeing

241.  Have you ever seen the Grand Canyon?

242.  The view is wonderful from up here.

243.  Let’s go watch the sunset.

244.  It’s hard to get a picture in this light.

245.  The crowds spoiled the scenery.

246.  The paved road up to the mountain ruined the sense of nature.

247.  I want to see the desert in western China.

248.  He said that the coast was beautiful at sunrise.

249.  The train goes through some beautiful country.

250.  Winter is the best time to visit because the snow is so beautiful.

251.  Where should we go for our vacation this year?

252.  I agree that Disney World is a great place for children and they would have a lot of fun, but. . .

253.  It’s important for the kids to see such an important American landmark.

254.  It’s very popular and they only give a limited number of tours a day.

255.  Part of sightseeing is tasting new foods from different places.

## Lesson 18 HAVING A PICNIC

256.  Did you pack enough sandwiches for the picnic?

257.  Let’s find a spot away from the ants.

258.  It’s great weather for a picnic.

259.  Let’s sit at that bench over there.

260.  This spot isn’t too crowded to eat at.

261.  Let’s go eat out by the lake.

262.  A picnic can be a romantic date.

263.  I have fond memories of picnics with my parents.

264.  Make sure you pick up all your trash when you’re finished eating.

265.  Is there any beer left in the cooler?

266.  We won’t know how much food to buy until we decide how many people are coming.

267.  We should get paper plates and plastic utensils, so we won’t have to do any dishes.

268.  It’s such a lovely day for a picnic.

269.  I really like it when it’s homemade, not the fast food kind.

270.  The day’s really nice and we should walk off some of this food.

## Lesson 19 CAMPING

271.  We should set up camp here.

272.  It’s not safe to keep food in your tent.

273.  This is a good campsite.

274.  Someone starts a fire to cook supper.

275.  My tent is waterproof.

276.  I’ll go gather firewood.

277.  Does anyone have a flashlight?

278.  Hunting is not allowed in this part of the woods.

279.  This is a popular camping area.

280.  It’s not safe to go camping by yourself.

281.  I can’t believe there are so many things to buy for our camping trip.

282.  Starting a fire without matches, building a shelter from wood, cooking over a campfire, and lots more.

283.  I thought we were going to make our own fire with wood we gathered.

284.  Well, the most obvious is that the animals will eat all our food and we’ll be left with nothing to eat.

285.  The smell of the food might attract dangerous animals to our campsite.

## Lesson 20 HIKING

286.  My feet are sore from hiking.

287.  We can rest at the top of this hill.

288.  I like hiking in real wilderness.

289.  Hiking is not yet popular in China.

290.  The trail splits into two trails.

291.  The rest of the way is downhill.

292.  Be careful of the slippery rocks.

293.  Is your pack comfortable?

294.  I hate people who litter in the forest.

295.  Too much noise scares the animals away.

296.  How much farther do we have to go?

297.  It seems like we’re been walking forever.

298.  Sorry, I didn’t realize you were getting so tired.

299.  This view is absolutely breathtaking. Don’t you agree?

300.  It’s a feeling of satisfaction that we are getting so much exercise and clean air, and see so many magnificent sights.