# 900 Câu cuộc sống 20->40

## Lesson 20 HIKING

286.  My feet are sore from hiking.

287.  We can rest at the top of this hill.

288.  I like hiking in real wilderness.

289.  Hiking is not yet popular in China.

290.  The trail splits into two trails.

291.  The rest of the way is downhill.

292.  Be careful of the slippery rocks.

293.  Is your pack comfortable?

294.  I hate people who litter in the forest.

295.  Too much noise scares the animals away.

296.  How much farther do we have to go?

297.  It seems like we’re been walking forever.

298.  Sorry, I didn’t realize you were getting so tired.

299.  This view is absolutely breathtaking. Don’t you agree?

300.  It’s a feeling of satisfaction that we are getting so much exercise and clean air, and see so many magnificent sights.

## Lesson 21 Love and Passion

301.  I don’t tell you I love you enough.

302.  My first love was when I was in high school.

303.  I hate being alone on Valentine’s Day.

304.  He thinks he’s falling in love with her.

305.  Love means different things to different people.

306.  It’s easy to get hurt by people you love.

307.  I’m in love with someone else.

308.  Love can break your heart.

309.  He’s in love only with himself.

310.  Marriages in the past often were without love.

311.  You look like you are floating on cloud nine .

312.  I guess it was fate working to bring you together.

313.  You can’t possibly love everything about a person.

314.  Just wait until you get to know him a bit longer, then you might find some things about him that get on your nerves.

315.  Right now, you see him through rose colored glasses but later you will be able to see him as he is.

## Lesson 22 FAITH

316.  Most Americans are Christian.

317.  I don’t like going to church.

318.  There are different religions all over the world.

319.  Religion is important to many people.

320.  It’s hard to define what is a superstition.

321.  Faith is often a cause for some people to fight.

322.  Some people believe in miracles.

323.  Fear often causes non-believers to pray.

324.  It’s comforting to believe in a life after death.

325.  Faith can keep people from doing bad things.

326.  I was wondering if you would like to go to the church with me this coming Sunday.

327.  It’s just that I’m not very religious.

328.  The past few years I’ve really become an agnostic.

329.  I just thought you might like my church’s Sunday service.

330.  Even though you aren’t religious, are you any particular religion?

## Lesson 23 SYMPATHY

331.  It’s hard to sympathize with someone who is so mean to others.

332.  You have my sympathy.

333.  I don’t want your sympathy.

334.  He sympathizes with the common people.

335.  My uncle is a very sympathetic person.

336.  We sympathize with what you’re going through.

337.  You don’t need anyone’s sympathy for your mistakes.

338.  Who couldn’t sympathize with such a sad little child?

339.  Don’t you have any sympathy for poor people?

340.  My sympathies lie with the losing team.

341.  I just wanted to let you know how sorry I was to hear about your father passing away.

342.  If there is anything I can do, please don’t hesitate to ask.

343.  I’ll try to make sure I let him know I want him to feel better without making him think I pity him.

344.  I think I will go visit her and see what I can do to help.

345.  At least, I can send my love and best wishes.

## Lesson 24 OPTIMISM

346.  I’ve got high hopes for this experiment.

347.  I’m confident we’ll win this game.

348.  Joe’s always an optimist.

349.  You seem pretty optimistic about your chances.

350.  Why are you so optimistic after what just happened?

351.  Optimism comes from hope.

352.  Optimists always say the glass is half full, not half empty.

353.  I’m not very optimistic about this new restaurant.

354.  The investors are optimistic about our company’s future.

355.  Optimism is a healthy outlook on life.

356.  I will deal with that if it happens, but until then I’m going to hope for the best.

357.  It would be better to just try to calm down.

358.  Lots of people believe if you are optimistic, better things will happen to you.

359.  In the end, you will always be happier if you have pleasant thoughts and lots of hope.

360.  Tomorrow has to be better, because it can’t possibly be worse than today.

## Lesson 25 PESSIMISM

361.  This effort is hopeless.

362.  Why are you always a pessimist?

363.  I don’t want to hear any more pessimism.

364.  The voters are pessimistic about the economy.

365.  I’m a little pessimistic about our team’s chances.

366.  Pessimism infects other people.

367.  I’ve given up hope for this job.

368.  I’m not very hopeful about the future.

369.  Quit being such a pessimist.

370.  I don’t think I’ll ever get a better job.

371.  We always tend to think we’re done worse than we have.

372.  I’m never going to get into a good college, so then I won’t be able to get a good job.

373.  They fired me because the company is losing money and they had to cut corners.

374.  You shouldn’t dwell on the negative things in your life.

375.  I don’t think my spirits can be raised.

## Lesson 26 PREFERENCE

376.  I prefer apples to oranges.

377.  Do you have any preferences about dinner?

378.  I’d prefer to just go home.

379.  Would you prefer to have white wine?

380.  I’d prefer not to talk about it.

381.  I can eat this, but it’s not my preference.

382.  What would you prefer we do?

383.  I’d prefer it if you’d change the subject.

384.  He’d prefer to just watch TV instead of going out.

385.  My family would prefer to go to New York for vacation.

386.  Do you have any preferences about what to eat?

387.  She was surprised because my sister was very picky about what she would eat.

388.  I know, but she’s too set in her ways to change.

389.  It is nice, but I still don’t think this car is right for me.

390.  I like to wear clothes that are comfortable, not those that are fashionable.

## Lesson 27 DISAPPOINTMENT

391.  I didn’t get the job I wanted.

392.  I’m really disappointed in this movie.

393.  The team’s performance was disappointing.

394.  I hate to disappoint you.

395.  This meal is rather disappointing.

396.  He was disappointed with the hotel’s service.

397.  I expected better from you.

398.  She was disappointed in herself.

399.  I waited for two hours and no one came to meet me.

400.  This vacation did not go as well as expected.

401.  The world won’t end or anything like that, but I still feel pretty sad.

402.  I just found out that I didn’t get into one of the study abroad programs I applied for.

403.  I don’t think it will lift my spirits but I’ll give it a try.

404.  This doesn’t help me to get over my disappointment.

405.  I guess I will for your sake, but I still don’t like losing.

## Lesson 28 ANGER

406.  I’m so mad at you right now.

407.  He was enraged by the accident.

408.  Your mom is going to be furious when she finds out what happened.

409.  My boss was pretty upset at me today.

410.  I need to better control my temper.

411.  My uncle has a pretty bad temper.

412.  It won’t help anything if you get angry.

413.  His face was red with anger.

414.  Mistakes are often made in the heat of anger.

415.  Why are you so angry with me?

416.  You seem upset, has something happened?

417.  Tom and I were supposed to meet at the movie theatre, but he never showed up.

418.  Maybe I won’t stop being friends with him, but I’m still going to tell him off.

419.  I was simply too mad to think straight.

420.  I’ve never been so furious in my entire life!

## Lesson 29 BOREDOM

421.  This book bores me.

422.  Do you find this class boring?

423.  This movie isn’t very interesting.

424.  I’m not interested in this conversation.

425.  Holidays with my relatives tend to be boring.

426.  He looks pretty bored right now.

427.  Am I boring you?

428.  No one expected the play to be this boring.

429.  Why do you think this is dull?

430.  This cannot get anymore dull.

431.  This kind of weather is very depressing.

432.  I was bored out of my mind.

433.  I just watched a dull movie and called it a night early.

434.  I’m usually pretty bored.

435.  In class, I have nothing to do.

## Lesson 30 HATRED

436.  I hate going to work.

437.  Hatred often comes from ignorance and fear.

438.  It’s wrong to hate people from different cultures.

439.  She gave him a hateful look.

440.  His voice was full of hate.

441.  Hate can feel very powerful.

442.  Hatred makes it difficult to forgive.

443.  I loathe that man.

444.  He despises everything about France.

445.  She hates the color yellow.

446.  I just don’t feel like running into him.

447.  Something about him just rubs me the wrong way.

448.  I hate that, because it is very impolite.

449.  I just saw someone who I’d rather not be around.

450.  I can’t stand him.

## Lesson 31 SHAME

451. You should be ashamed of yourself.

452. His behavior was shameful.

453. He has disgraced his entire family.

454. She is a disgrace to her country.

455. I feel very ashamed for what I did.

456. I want to apologize for the shame I have brought on this school.

457. He blushed with shame.

458. That man has no shame.

459. He couldn’t hide his embarrassment.

460. His shame was evident to everyone.

461. I lied to my parents and now I feel very guilty.

462. I feel so ashamed of myself.

463. I can’t believe I fell flat on my face at the recital.

464. I’m so ashamed and embarrassed.

465. I don’t think I can face my friends and family.

## Lesson 32 THREAT

466. That dog is very threatening.

467. The idea of change threatens some people.

468. He was warned about a possible threat.

469. Predators were a threat to the herd.

470. His crops were threatened by the lack of rain.

471. Are you threatening me?

472. People can act violently if they feel threatened.

473. My cat is no threat to anybody.

474. This wind is threatening to become a storm.

475. His tone of voice held a subtle threat.

476. If you aren’t home exactly on time tonight, we are going to have to punish you.

477. If you come home late, then you won’t be able to talk on the phone for two weeks.

478. Give me everything or I will use my gun.

479. Don’t try to call for help until I’ve long gone, otherwise I’ll have to hurt you.

480. If you don’t work late tonight, then don’t bother coming back to work at

## Lesson 33 REPROACH

481. You need to stop being late to work.

482. He reproached Tom for his careless work.

483. The teacher admonished the whole class for their grades.

484. I wouldn’t do that if I were you.

485. That’s not a good idea.

486. That is not okay.

487. I can’t believe you just did that.

488. That was disgusting.

489. You are very rude.

490. You can’t act that way in public.

491. You would have had plenty of time to finish if you had started the book
report when I first gave the assignment.

492. I must admit that I’m very disappointed in you.

493. You need to take this more seriously.

494. You have no right to get on my case.

495. I don’t think you do. We are all depending on each other to do our parts.

## Lesson 34 WORRIES

496. I’m worried about next week’s test.

497. Don’t worry about me.

498. I’m worried for your safety.

499. Your driving concerns me.

500. He doesn’t seem concerned about his health.

501. It’s nothing that you should worry about.

502. His actions have always been a worry to me.

503. This new information is very worrisome.

504. I’m a little concerned about the expense of this meal.

505. He is a real worry to his mother.

506. I’ve got some money troubles.

507. I’m a musician and I often don’t have regular jobs.

508. I’m good at English and history, but I’m really awful at the natural sciences.

509. I can’t get rid of my worries.

510. I know I’m being silly, but I’ll worry about her for the rest of my life.

## Lesson 35 DECEPTION

511. You tricked me!

512. I was deceived in this business deal.

513. His words were very deceptive.

514. You allowed yourself to be deceived.

515. Don’t be fooled by his friendly words.

516. He was completely fooled by his enemy.

517. Don’t let appearances deceive you.

518. You can’t fool me that easily.

519. He was tricked out of his money.

520. I can’t believe I was such a fool.

521. She would have contacted my parents if I couldn’t have come up with a good excuse.

522. It’s only a white lie, so it’s no big deal.

523. My conscience would weigh heavily on me.

524. I had to make something up so I wouldn’t get into trouble.

525. Are you sure that you had to be dishonest?

## Lesson 36 RIDICULE

526. He’s always making mistakes.

527. Does she always dress that badly?

528. You are such an idiot.

529. What you are saying is ridiculous.

530. His argument is nonsense.

531. He is an awful actor.

532. That is the most stupid thing I have ever heard.

533. He is the worst worker here.

534. This poem is awful.

535. Your music is hurting my ears.

536. Then why was everyone laughing at me?

537. They were having fun at my expense.

538. I don’t like the embarrassment.

539. Then that’s too bad, because I’m never going to put myself through that ordeal again.

540. Last week, I did something really dumb and everyone laughed.

## Lesson 37 FLATTERY

541.  You haven’t aged one bit.

542.  That dress looks marvelous on you.

543.  Don’t try to impress me with flattery.

544.  I’m not fooled by your false compliments.

545.  You played that piece wonderfully.

546.  You sing like an angel.

547.  He’s the best ball player I have ever seen.

548.  You are our most valuable worker.

549.  We are very impressed with your work.

550.  You have the best yard in the neighborhood.

551.  You are just the person I was hoping to run into.

552.  Because your smile brightens up my day.

553.  Can’t I just enjoy your company?

554.  I really like that dress you are wearing.

555.  I just wanted to let you know how well I think you are running the office.

## Lesson 38 SORROW

556.  I’m so sorry this has happened to you.

557.  I can’t deal with this right now.

558.  This is awful.

559.  Are you crying?

560.  I’ll be okay in a moment.

561.  I miss my wife.

562.  These pictures make me sad.

563.  He’s still grieving for her.

564.  She hasn’t gotten over the death of her child.

565.  I just don’t feel like talking about it.

566.  Why are you so upset?

567.  I feel like my heart is breaking.

568.  I’m not in the mood to talk right now.

569.  I’m really upset right now and I think I’d rather be alone.

570.  In these cases, time to heal is the only thing that can help.

## Lesson 40 FEAR

586.  Dogs terrify me.

587.  I’m scared of heights.

588.  He’s too afraid of getting hurt.

589.  Something has given him a bad fright.

590.  That man’s eyes frighten me.

591.  That movie was terrifying.

592.  I’m still afraid of the dark.

593.  Drowning is one of my greatest fears.

594.  I’m not afraid to say what I think.

595.  Don’t be frightened by the noises.

596.  If you turn off the lights, the monster will come out from underneath my
bed.

597.  It will come out and eat me if you turn off the lights.

598.  I freak out every time I see a bug.

599.  Have you ever tried to overcome your fear?

600.  One day you will have to face your fear.