# 900 Câu cơ bản (Lession 40 -> 60)

## Lesson 40 ASKING SOMEBODY TO DO SOMETHING

586. I need your help.

587. Could you lend me a hand for a second?

588. Could you do me a favor?

589. Excuse me.

590. Would you mind putting out that cigarette?

591. Could you turn down the music?

592. Just return the book when you’re finished with it.

593. Could you edit this paper for me?

594. Would you mind moving over a little?

595. Please stop talking so loud.

596. Why don’t you come with me to the store?

597. Can you lend me your car this afternoon?

598. Can you give me a ride into town?

599. Let me take a look at that picture.

600. Can I borrow your pen for a moment?

## Lesson 41 ON THE CAMPUS

601. I was going over to the library to study.

602. I won’t get any studying done there at all.

603. I’m trying to finish the reading assignment for our physics class.

604. I’ve got to start preparing tonight.

605. The problem is that I missed two days of class last week.

606. I’ve got to go to baseball practice.

607. Are you going to the class meeting later?

608. How many classes have you missed so far?

609. He’s involved in too many sports and activities.

610. I’m going to the gym for a little bit.

611. What are you writing about for your class paper?

612. I’ve got to go meet a professor.

613. Do you want to study together?

614. I’m going to get some coffee in the dining hall.

615. The dean wants to meet my parents.

## Lesson 42 IN THE LIBRARY

616. Are these the books you’re checking out?

617. When are they due back?

618. It seems you still have a book overdue.

619. You can have them for one month.

620. It’s $0.5 a day for overdue books.

621. Do you have any books on Russia?

622. You’re not supposed to talk in the library.

623. Is the photocopier working?

624. That book is on reserve for a professor.

625. We only have one copy of that book.

626. She is a very popular author.

627. This library needs to get some more up-to-date books.

628. Where are the math books located?

629. What time does the library close today?

630. I hate when people write in library books.

## Lesson 43 AT THE PARTY

631. I’m really having a good time.

632. It’s too crowded to push my way through to the kitchen.

633. Do you know anybody at this party?

634. I’m going to have some fun while I’m here.

635. Why don’t we stay for about half an hour to see if anyone else arrives?

636. I think we’re out of beer.

637. Did anyone invite that guy?

638. These parties are always so popular.

639. There are too many older students here tonight.

640. Should I go talk to that girl over there?

641. Can you tell me where the bathroom is?

642.  I think some people are leaving to go to another party.

643. You should slow down with the drinking.

644. I’m tired, so I’m going home.

645. It’s always the same faces at these parties.

## Lesson 44 AT THE CINEMA

646. I guess this is a really popular movie.

647. Are there any movies you want to see in case this one is sold out?

648. We’ve got a few minutes before the start of the movie.

649. That movie was too scary .

650. There’s one out now about a talking horse.

651. I think my seat is near the aisle.

652. This theater  is packed tonight.

653. The film is sold out for tonight.

654. What time does the show start?

655. Let’s go find our seats.

656. The plot wasn’t very realistic.

657. The director seemed to rely mostly on special effects.

658. This movie is based on a true story.

659. I think this scene was filmed in my hometown.

660. Can you believe how much a bag of popcorn costs at this theater?

## Lesson 45 AT THE HOSPITAL

661. He has an injured leg.

662. The doctor’s seeing him at this time.

663. Do you know anything about his condition?

664. I thought it might be more serious.

665. Your mother is now in stable condition.

666. Which hand is bothering you?

667. How long has it been swollen like that?

668. Can you roll up your sleeve for me to have a look?

669. Do you have any insurance?

670. Do you have a history of heart trouble?

671. We have no spare beds right now.

672. The pain is mostly in my lower back.

673. Does it hurt when I do this?

674. I’ll write you a prescription .

675. You should take it easy on that leg for a few weeks.

## Lesson 46 AT THE POST OFFICE

676. It’s not very exciting to wait in line at the post office.

677. I’ve got to mail this stuff for my boss.

678. It’s just a letter to my mother.

679. I need to have this package air mailed.

680. I’ve been expecting a package that should have been here two weeks ago.

681. How much more does express mail cost?

682. Can I get insurance on this package?

683. I need to change my mailing address.

684. This package weighs 11 ounces.

685. That’s the box of out-of-town mail.

686. How much for a book of stamps?

687. Can I get a postcard here?

688. Is there a supervisor that I can speak with?

689. I like these new stamps.

690. Can I apply for a passport here?

## Lesson 47 AT THE BANK

691. Is this the right place to open up an account ?

692. I need to start a bank account.

693. Will this be a checking or savings account?

694. I’m told that I have insufficient funds.

695. What are your home loan interest rates?

696. Can you help me finance a car?

697. What’s my current balance?

698. My ATM card has stopped working.

699. You don’t need a passport for routine business.

700. I can’t remember my account number.

701. Is there a minimum balance needed for an account?

702. I want traveler’s checks.

703. I have a joint account with my wife.

704. Can I have a receipt for this?

705. Your account is overdrawn .

## Lesson 48 AT THE RESTAURANT

706. This soup is incredible! Have you tried it yet?

707. I was trying to decide what to order.

708. I’m going to have the steak.

709. I’ve never had fried chicken this good before.

710. How do you want your steak cooked?

711. This chicken is undercooked.

712. My compliments to the chef.

713. Are you ready to order?

714. What’s your special today?

715. Would you like any more coffee?

716. Do you have reservations tonight?

717. Would you like a smoking or non-smoking table?

718. Can I look at a menu?

719. Would you like any dessert?

720. What’s the soup of the day?

## Lesson 48 AT THE RESTAURANT

706. This soup is incredible! Have you tried it yet?

707. I was trying to decide what to order.

708. I’m going to have the steak.

709. I’ve never had fried chicken this good before.

710. How do you want your steak cooked?

711. This chicken is undercooked.

712. My compliments to the chef.

713. Are you ready to order?

714. What’s your special today?

715. Would you like any more coffee?

716. Do you have reservations tonight?

717. Would you like a smoking or non-smoking table?

718. Can I look at a menu?

719. Would you like any dessert?

720. What’s the soup of the day?

## Lesson 49 IN THE BARBER’S AND HAIRDRESSER’S

721. I think I just need a trim .

722. And would you like a quick shampoo and rinse?

723. You can never be too careful with a customer’s hair.

724. Just a little trim on the top and shave it close on the sides.

725. Something new would be nice.

726. Do you want a little off the top?

727. Should I taper the back?

728. How about a shampoo?

729. How do you want your hair cut?

730. I’ll try to fix the side.

731. Do you want a perm ?

732. I don’t need a shave.

733. That’s too short in the back.

734. I have a hair in my eye.

735. Just comb the hair back a little.

## Lesson 50 AT THE POLICE STATION

736. My client has made some very convincing allegations of police brutality .

737. He claims that your officers assaulted him.

738. Do you have any proof of these claims?

739. You’ll be hearing from me soon.

740. I need to file a missing person’s report.

741. Arrests have declined this month.

742. Can you identify the suspect?

743. He resisted arrest violently .

744. I want to call my lawyer.

745. We just have a few questions for you.

746. The officer was very helpful to me.

747. Are you sure the suspect fired more than once?

748. That area is out of our jurisdiction .

749. This is the busiest precinct in the city.

750. I need your signature on this report.

## Lesson 51 AT THE HOTEL

751. Welcome to the Comfort Hotel.

752. I just need a room for two.

753. Do you have any vacancies ?

754. One double bed will be fine.

755. Would you like a discount on your room charge?

756. I’m like a wake-up call.

757. Would you like some help with your bags?

758. We don’t allow pets in our rooms.

759. Fresh towels are in the bathroom.

760. Room service can be called at the front desk.

761. Do you want a single or double bed?

762. The elevator is at the end of the hall.

763. Outside calls will be added to your bill.

764. I don’t have any hot water in my room.

765. I need a taxi to the airport.

## Lesson 52 AT THE OFFICE

766  Please have a seat.

767. How do you feel about working on weekends?

768. The yacht market is slow this time of the year.

769. You haven’t made a single sale in the past 3 weeks.

770. I’ll try to help you make a dent in some of that work.

771. How does this fax machine work?

772. Is the repairman coming to fix the photocopier?

773. I’m going on a break to get some coffee.

774. These accounts need to be paid immediately .

775. I heard there’re going to lay off some people this quarter.

776. Sales have gone way up this month.

777. I left the papers on my desk.

778. We need to cut costs somewhere in this office.

779. Has the outgoing mail left for the day?

780. Can someone answer that phone?

## Lesson 53 AT THE BUS STOP

782 Do you know what bus leads to Memorial Stadium?

783 There should be a bus stop right at the Stadium.

784 Do you know what bus is going to the theater?

785 It’s about 3 stops from here-maybe 15 minutes.

786 This says the last bus leaves at 9:45.

787 Our bus is late.

788 That bus is too crowded to board.

789 Can you read the bus schedule on that sign?

790 The benches are too wet to sit on.

791 That bus needs some new brakes.

792 The exhaust fumes are choking me.

793 How much is the fare for the bus?

794 There are no seats left on the bus.

795 Can you give me change for the bus?

796 Is this bus going uptown?

## Lesson 54 AT THE AIRPORT

797. Thank you for flying with Skyway Airlines.

798. May I see your ticket, please?

798. My shoulder bag is carry-on luggage.

799. Boarding will begin in about 30 minutes.

800. When does your flight land?

801. What terminal am I leaving from?

802. The security check is going to take a while.

803. I hope the X-ray machine doesn’t damage my film.

804. Don’t even joke about having a bomb or a gun.

805. This is going to be a long flight.

806. The arrival time has been delayed due to bad weather.

807. That bag is too heavy to be carry-on luggage.

808. Where is the baggage claim area?

809. This is your boarding pass.

810. May I see your passport?

## Lesson 55 AT THE RAILWAY STATION

811. It should be here in the next two or three minutes.

812. It’s just getting on my nerves.

813. When does the next train leave for New Orleans ?

814. I’ve got kind of a problem.

815. There are Tri-State Rail System trains leaving every half hour for the city.

816. This is a new section of railroad track.

817. The Northeast corridor is the busiest section of the country for train travel.

818. That’s the last call to board the train.

819. I think I hear the train coming.

820. I hope I get a window seat.

821. Why do these trains always leave at the end of the day?

822. I bought my tickets over the phone.

823. I want to buy a ticket for Denver to Los Angeles

824. Have you seen our conductor ?

825. I’m going to get a drink from the dining car.

## Lesson 56 AT THE DISNEY THEME PARK

826. He’s not as common around here as Mickey Mouse.

827. My favorite character was Donald Duck.

828. He seemed like a regular guy.

829. What do you want to see next?

830. It sounds like you prefer old movies in general.

831. Let’s go see Space Mountain.

832. That roller coaster terrified me.

833. Do you see Goofy?

834. I don’t want to go to the gift shop and spend more money.

835. I remember coming here when I was a little kid.

836. We spent the past hour at Main Street USA.

837. I think Disney World is too much of a tourist trap.

838. Did you know they just opened a Disney World in Japan?

839. I heard they might open another in China.

840. I’m staying at the hotel at Epcot Center.

## Lesson 57 AT THE GYM

841. Don’t you look at yourself in the mirror too?

842. They must work out all the time.

843. Why do you go to the gym so much?

844. It’s good for me to be healthy.

845. It’s never good to put such a high value on appearances.

846. My muscles feel numb.

847. I can’t move a muscle.

848. I’m exhausted.

849. I’m going to spend a few more minutes on the exercise bike.

850. It’s too crowded in the gym at night.

851. Someone needs to fix the leg press machine.

852. I’m going to relax in the sauna.

853. How many more exercises do you have to do?

854. How often do you work out?

855. He’s a firefighter, so he has to exercise often.

## Lesson 58 PLAYING SPORTS

856. I have to take a break for a second.

857. When I was running, I twisted my ankle.

858. Just don’t neglect an injury.

859. That was a good game we played.

860. We’re in the middle of a game.

861. He’s playing too rough.

862. We can still win this game.

863. We need to start playing hard.

864. You guys are getting lazy.

865. That referee is blind.

866. I can’t believe I dropped that pass.

867. If it keeps raining, we’ll have to stop the game.

868. I think he was out of bounds.

869. That goal was pure luck.

870. Who has the ball?

## Lesson 59 AT THE BOOKSHOP

871. I’m just looking for your travel section.

872. Is there a specific book you’re looking for?

873. I wanted to see what books you had about that.

874. This book is very popular right now with little boys.

875. This is a classic.

876. I want to return this book.

877. Can you gift-wrap this book?

878. We’ll call you when your book comes in.

879. My friend helped write this book.

880. I’ve read good reviews about that novel.

881. It’s hard to find a good book about the Chinese language.

882. Do you have any road atlases?

883. Why is this book in the psychology section?

884. Do you have the first edition of this book?

885. They have some foreign magazines here.

## Lesson 60 AT HOME

886. You’re always on the phone with your mom for hours.

887. I’m not dressed.

888. I need you to do me one more favor.

889. It’s becoming really messy in there.

890. It’s your turn to cut the grass.

891. I’ll take the dog out for a walk.

892. You need to clean the floor this afternoon.

893. The refrigerator light isn’t working.

894. We’re almost out of toothpaste.

895. I just want to relax and watch TV after work.

896. What’s for dinner tonight?

897. I don’t feel like cooking tonight.

898. I spent most of the afternoon taking a nap.

899. Your parents are coming over for dinner tomorrow.

900. Have you met our new neighbors across the street?